docs: Add instructions for running LVH against custom kernel (#28305)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/contributing/testing/e2e.rst

for fast testing iterations when doing kernel development work for Cilium features).

First, to configure and to build the kernel:

.. code-block:: shell-session

   $ git clone --depth=1 https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/bpf/bpf-next.git
   $ cd bpf-next/ # hack hack hack

   # configure kernel, so that it can be run in LVH VM:
   $ git clone https://github.com/cilium/little-vm-helper-images
   $ cat ../little-vm-helper-images/_data/kernels.json | \
        jq -r '.common_opts.[] | (.[0])+" "+(.[1])' | \
        xargs ./scripts/config

   $ make -j$(nproc)

Second, start the LVH VM with the custom kernel:

.. code-block:: shell-session

   $ lvh run --image ./images/kind_bpf-next.qcow2 \
        --host-mount $(pwd) \
        --kernel ./bpf-next/arch/x86_64/boot/bzImage \
        --daemonize -p 2222:22 --cpu=3 --mem=6G \

Third, SSH into VM, and install the custom kernel modules (the step is no longer
required once `little-vm-helper#117 <https://github.com/cilium/little-vm-helper/issues/117>`_
has been resolved):

.. code-block:: shell-session

    $ ssh -p 2222 -o "StrictHostKeyChecking=no" root@localhost
    # cd /host/bpf-next
    # make modules_install

> Finally, you can use instructions from the previous chapter to run and to test Cilium.

Author: Aye, good idea! Let me figure out how to link a chapter in RST :sweat_smile:

.. code-block:: shell-session

    $ pkill qemu-system-x86

> Running tests in VM with custom kernel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running tests in a VM with a custom kernel
```

""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> It is possible to test Cilium on a LVH VM with a custom built Linux kernel (e.g.,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to test Cilium on an LVH VM with a custom built Linux kernel (for example,
```

for fast testing iterations when doing kernel development work for Cilium features).

First, to configure and to build the kernel:

.. code-block:: shell-session

   $ git clone --depth=1 https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/bpf/bpf-next.git

>    $ cd bpf-next/ # hack hack hack

Reviewer: `hack hack hack` as in this is a hack or do some hack hack hacking on it :grin:

   # configure kernel, so that it can be run in LVH VM:
   $ git clone https://github.com/cilium/little-vm-helper-images
   $ cat ../little-vm-helper-images/_data/kernels.json | \
        jq -r '.common_opts.[] | (.[0])+" "+(.[1])' | \
        xargs ./scripts/config

   $ make -j$(nproc)

Second, start the LVH VM with the custom kernel:

.. code-block:: shell-session

   $ lvh run --image ./images/kind_bpf-next.qcow2 \
        --host-mount $(pwd) \
        --kernel ./bpf-next/arch/x86_64/boot/bzImage \
        --daemonize -p 2222:22 --cpu=3 --mem=6G \

> Third, SSH into VM, and install the custom kernel modules (the step is no longer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Third, SSH into the VM, and install the custom kernel modules (this step is no longer
```

required once `little-vm-helper#117 <https://github.com/cilium/little-vm-helper/issues/117>`_
has been resolved):

.. code-block:: shell-session

    $ ssh -p 2222 -o "StrictHostKeyChecking=no" root@localhost
    # cd /host/bpf-next
    # make modules_install

> Finally, you can use instructions from :ref:`the previous chapter<test_cilium_on_lvh>` to run and to test Cilium.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, you can use the instructions from :ref:`the previous chapter<test_cilium_on_lvh>` to run and test Cilium.
```
